Contributing docs: add note to pull the latest git tags before pip installing Dask (#7308)
dask/dask: docs/source/develop.rst

clone the fork::

   git clone https://github.com/<your-github-username>/dask
   cd dask

> You should also pull the latest tags (otherwise the pip dependency resolver can
> sometimes get stuck installing Dask)::

Reviewer: In general I try to frame things with a positive emphasis. For example, "ensures `pip` works correctly" as opposed to "makes sure `pip` doesn't crash"

```suggestion
You should also pull the latest git tags (this ensures ``pip``'s dependency resolver
can successfully install Dask)::
```

   git remote add upstream https://github.com/dask/dask
   git pull upstream --tags

Contributions to Dask can then be made by submitting pull requests on GitHub.

Install
~~~~~~~

First, make sure you are in the top level of your cloned Dask repository.

To build the library you can install the necessary requirements using

> pip or conda_

Reviewer: I think we can probably consolidate these two sentences

> From the top level of your cloned Dask repository you can install a
local version of Dask, along with all necessary dependencies, using
pip or conda_.
